Add docs for installing Analytics under custom global key (#5949)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

* Consider using one of Segment’s [server-side libraries](/docs/connections/sources/#server). Using a server-side library eliminates concerns about tracking blockers and privacy browsers that can prevent Segment from loading. This option may require additional code to track actions like a Page call, as you now need to manually pass contextual information that would have been automatically collected by Analytics.js, like `url`, `path`, and `referrer`. Note that some destinations are device-mode only.

## Installing the library under a custom global namespace

> When loading Analytics.js through snippet code, the SDK gets installed on `window.analytics` global variable by default. However, if that causes a conflict with another library on your page, the global variable used by Analytics.js can be changed assuming you are using snippet version 5.2.1 or later.
> 
> Simply make this one change in the begining of your snippet code as shown below. In this case, Analytics.js will use `window.custom_key` to load instead of `window.analytics`.
> 
> ```diff
>   - !function(){var i="analytics", ...
>   + !function(){var i="custom_key", ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you load Analytics.js through snippet code, by default, the SDK installs on `window.analytics` global variable. If this causes a conflict with another library on your page, you can change the global variable used by Analytics.js if you use snippet version 5.2.1 or later.

Change the global variable in the beginning of your snippet code as shown below. In this case, Analytics.js uses `window.custom_key` to load instead of `window.analytics`.

```diff
  - !function(){var i="analytics", ...
  + !function(){var i="custom_key", ...
```
